So did you text him?
I would be really flattered actually.
If someone wanted me that bad, I would be so flattered.
Exactly! So he probably feels the same way.
Exactly, so that's like a new file. And you can post your cats.
Exactly what I'm saying. So are you gonna text him?
Well, then he wouldn't like respond to at all. But he does respond to you.
If I didn't like someone and I was interested, I would leave them on read. Or delivered.
I leave a bunch of people delivered.
Exactly, he hasn't mocked you.
It's the truth, like he hasn't blocked you.
And he responds to your messages. That must mean he...
hes like open to u u know
Why would that be beer?
What if he's like, you know how you're scared? What if he's like even more scared?
I would be more scared.like
I feel like making a move is really hard, but once you do it, it's like
Great like look at all the progress
All the progress you made by making the first move. Like even just giving that half-eater a loaf of bread.
would've like, you know? Yes!
Well, I'm telling you just text him. Like, you're not gonna, like, die or something.
We just asked like what's his favorite song
Be like, oh, I've noticed you've been posting lamp a lot. What's your favorite song?
Wait, it's okay.
Honestly, it doesn't hurt to give it a shot, right? u know
like you'll never know what you're doing what if he's like super into you and like he's just like
she doesn't have a reason to like text you
and look by him posting that he's like basically like begging
like he is texting u to make a move
100, like less than 150 followers.
Wait, he's gotta be a loser too. If he's in JBL, he's a loser.
But think about it.
I think so too, but thank you Ash. I don't think you're a loser either.
No, you don't look like a loser.
You look like a silly person. Not a loser, just a silly person.
Like funny person
yeah
hahah yeah
But he looks like a loser, Mitchell Chen I mean.
Exactly what I'm saying
Don't you like losers? Exactly.
And he's like, wait think about it, he's like taller than you right?
he is a loser? He does J-Ball
He likes similar music as you. You guys are like actually meant to be.
Like, I'm not even joking, you guys are meant to be.
Don't lie, don't lie. I think you guys are the truth.
This universe too. This one. This universe.
When you think about it, like, what?
What if he's actually into you, right? He's scared to do it, but then...
hhahhaa
What if he's really into you, right? He's scared to do it, so you reach out.